What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Git creates the structure of the repository.  It creates a place to track
the changes to your files

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a place to setup how your changes will be committed.  It
offers a chance to group logical changes together before you commit them.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
By running git status you can see what files are in the staging area and by
running git diff without any arguments you can see the differences between
the files in your working directory and the files in the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
I would branch whenever I have a major set of changes, increasing the major version
number from say 1.x to 2.x for instance.  Also branches would help with experimental
features or also if you wanted to give multiple developers their own branch.

Note to self: It has been a while since I've worked with Git.  I don't feel as though
I have remembered the commands really well.  It doesn't feel like I have really
integrated the system into my working knowledge.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
By showing in explicit terms how nodes (commits) are related.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together is that the commits from both branches are
reachable from the "tip" of the merged branch.  The merged branch contains the commits
from both branches.  We represent it in the diagram as we do to emphasize that the
merged branches form one branch which contain all previous commits from both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
Automatic merging saves a lot of time when git is able to do so.  Manual merging may be
necessary when there are conflicts between two commits.
