When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
I would use a remote repository when I want to share my work with other people.
It is also a good way to backup the work I've done in case my local copy is
lost or damaged.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
There might be changes that I'm working on that could conflict with commits
in the repository if a merge was attempted.  I might not be ready to try to
resolve the conflict because my work might not be as far along as I want.
In many ways the same logic applies to pulls as pushes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?
A fork is a clone of a repository that is executed on the github servers. The
term clone is when you make a copy of a repository and is referred to when the
copy is local. A branch is a commit that is labelled.  If you make a change to
a previous commit and don't label it as a branch that change (commit) will be
unreachable unless you save the commit id.  By creating a new branch you are 
telling git that you want it to remember that commit id and put an easy to use
name on it for later use.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?
It makes it easy(ier) to merge the changes on the remote with your local 
changes.  The copy of the last known state of the remote can be brought 
up-to-date with the current state of the remote.  Then you can merge your
local changes into that and bring your local branch into sync with the 
corresponding remote branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?
There would be a few options for collaborating without using Git or GitHup.  The
most naive would be trying to use email with perhaps file upload, adding a
sequence number to the file.  There are also platforms like DropBox and Google
Drive that will keep revision information.  DropBox would probably be more
appropriate for code than Google Drive because of DropBox's capability to
have a local copy.  These platforms don't have the version comparison and
logging abilities of Git though.  Also, you don't get the branch and release
management facilities of Git and GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?
